<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="hu" lang="hu">
<head>
    <title>Brawlhalla - Video description</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css"/>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="pxhtml">
        In this video, the player and the opponent are fighting. There is a platform in the middle. In the right corner, the player's and the opponent's health stock is visible. The player has 3 and the opponent has 2 lives. The player has a hammer in its hands, the opponent is unarmed.
    </p>
    <p class="pxhtml">
        The video starts with the opponent dodging an attack. The opponent then lands on the platform. The player lands a light attack from the left. Both players start to run to the right, then the player tries to grab the opponent with its hammer form above, although the opponent dodges it. The player then lands a light attack from the right, which pushes the opponent to the left side. Then the player tries to strike with its hammer, but the opponent jumps away to the right. The opponent tries to kick the player, but it also jumps away and tries to counter with a grab from above, but miscalculates the opponent's position. This provides time for the opponent to retrieve its weapon, so the opponent runs to the right and picks up its spear. The player then throws its hammer while jumping and hits successfully. The player is now unarmed and approaches the opponent to land a punch, but the opponent strikes a counterattack, and the player dodges it. After the dodge, both players attack simultaneously, but nobody lands a hit. Then the player recovers its weapon, jumps above the opponent, and grabs it from above. The opponent launches high into the air, and as it is falling it throws its spear to the player, but the player successfully lands a heavy attack before the spear could reach it. The heavy attack launches the opponent to the left. As the opponent tries to make its way back to the platform, the player successfully lands a circular heavy attack, which covers the whole corner of the platform. The opponent gets caught up in the strike. It tries to get back to the platform, but the player jumps off the platform for a perfect throw, predicting where the opponent's future position might be. The player throws its hammer before the opponent tries to make its move and strikes successfully. As the opponent tries to recover, it runs out of jumps and cannot make its way back to the platform. The opponent has fallen into the abyss and lost 1 health stock.
    </p>
    <p class="pxhtml">
        <a href="index.html">Back to the main page</a>
    </p>
</body>
</html>